Configurable filesystem overhead (#447)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/configuring-mtv-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-mtv-operator_{context}"]
= Configuring the {operator-name}

You can configure the following settings of the {operator-name} using either the CLI or the user interface.

* Maximum number of virtual machines (VMs) per plan that can be migrated simultaneously
* How long `must gather` reports are retained before being automatically deleted
* CPU limit allocated to the main controller container
* Memory limit allocated to the main controller container
* Interval at which a new snapshot is requested before initiating a warm migration
* Frequency with which the system checks the status of snapshot creation or removal during a warm migration
* Percentage of space in persistent volumes allocated as file system overhead when the `storageclass` is `filesystem` (CLI only)

> These settings are configured by changing the default of the appropriate parameter in the `spec` portion of the `forklift-controller` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These settings are configured by changing the default of the appropriate parameter in the `spec` part of the `forklift-controller` CR.
```
RH style guide

> The procedure for configuring these settings using the CLI is presented below. The procedure for configuring these settings using the user interface is presented in xref:mtv-overview-page_{context}[Configuring MTV settings].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedure for configuring these settings using the user interface is presented in xref:mtv-overview-page_{context}[Configuring MTV settings]. The procedure for configuring these settings using the CLI is presented following. 
```

[source, YAML]
----
spec:
  label: value <1>
----
<1> Labels you can configure using the CLI are shown in the table that follows, along with a description of each label and its default value.

.{operator-name} labels
[cols="1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
|Label |Description |Default value

|`controller_max_vm_in_flight`
|The maximum number of VMs per plan that can be migrated simultaneously.
|`20`

|`must_gather_api_cleanup_max_age`
|The duration in hours for retaining `must gather` reports before they are automatically deleted.
|`-1` (disabled)

|`controller_container_limits_cpu`
|The CPU limit allocated to the main controller container.
|`500m`

|`controller_container_limits_memory`
|The memory limit allocated to the main controller container.
|`800Mi`

|`controller_precopy_interval`
|The interval in minutes at which a new snapshot is requested before initiating a warm migration.
|`60`

|`controller_snapshot_status_check_rate_seconds`
|The frequency in seconds with which the system checks the status of snapshot creation or removal during a warm migration.
|`10`

|`controller_filesystem_overhead`

> |Percentage of space in persistent volumes allocated as file system overhead. Note this label can only be changed using the CLI and only if the `storageclass` is `filesystem`.

Reviewer 2: the `and only if the storageclass is filesystem` part can be a bit confusing - it sounds as the configuration can change only when the storageclass is filesystem but this parameter can be changed regardless of the storageclass that will be used. @RichardHoch is that what you meant or that this configuration applies only when the storage class is filesystem?

Author: @ahadas On the Jira, @liranr23 wrote:

 "The configuration is: `controller_filesystem_overhead: <percentage>` in forklift-controller spec, where percentage is the amount of increase in percentage.

This is valid only when the storage class is filesystem."

Reviewer 2: I see, that means that the overhead is taken into account only when the storage class is file system. we can write it as: 

```suggestion
|Percentage of space in persistent volumes allocated as file system overhead when the `storageclass` is `filesystem`. Note this label can only be changed using the CLI.
```

> |Percentage of space in persistent volumes allocated as file system overhead when the `storageclass` is `filesystem`. Note this label can only be changed using the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Percentage of space in persistent volumes allocated as file system overhead when the `storageclass` is `filesystem`. Note, this label can only be changed using the CLI
```
